Identical member names - PDS enhancement (#2427)
zowe/zowe-cli: packages/zosfiles/CHANGELOG.md

## Recent Changes

> - Enhancement: When copying PDSs that have identical member names, the user is now prompted to confirm before the operation occurs in case of data loss. [#2349] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2349)

Reviewer: please see my previous changelog comment

> - Enhancement: When copying partitioned data sets that have identical member names, the user is now prompted to confirm before the operation occurs in case of potential data loss. [#2349] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2349)

Reviewer 2: See above comment regarding labeling as a bug fix. We could rephrase this entry to justify the change:

```suggestion
- BugFix: Users were not warned when copying partitioned data sets with identical member names. Now, the user is prompted to confirm before continuing the copy operation to avoid potential data loss. [#2349] (https://github.com/zowe/zowe-cli/issues/2349)
```
